docs: enable AWS STS (#5101)
spectrocloud/librarium: docs/docs-content/clusters/public-cloud/aws/add-aws-accounts.md

#### Prerequisites

> - If you are using a self-hosted instance of Palette or VerteX, you have configured an AWS account at the instance-level

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- If you are using a self-hosted instance of Palette or VerteX, you must configure an AWS account at the instance-level
```

#### Prerequisites

> - If you are using a self-hosted instance of Palette or VerteX, you have configured an AWS account at the instance-level

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- If you are using a self-hosted instance of Palette or VerteX, you must configure an AWS account at the instance-level
```
